now first let's get right to our top
story lieutenant general michael flynn
is has always been an innocent man and
now it is more clear than ever
that a few corrupt high-ranking deep
state bureaucrats set him up
they were all bragging about it and
tonight all signs point to the corrupt
so-called leadership of a higher calling
honor mr
super patriot jim comey why because
according to newly unredacted fbi
documents just released today
in early january 2017 the fbi
the bureau determined that flynn was
quote no longer a viable candidate
as part of crossfire hurricane there was
no collusion
he did nothing wrong these documents
report that there was
no derogatory material on flynn in the
fbi files
no derogatory material in the defense
intel agency files
no derogatory material in the cia files
and by january 4th the case against
flynn they said it was
going to be dropped that is until the
corrupt
upper echelon of the fbi already
involved in
crossfire hurricane they jumped in peter
strzok we now know sent several urgent
texts demanding to know if this case is
still open
to his relief the case was never
officially closed even though they had
closed it
strzok texted quote amazing okay good
it's still open
and quote yeah our utter incompetence
actually helps us
wow that's breathtaking strzok informed
his colleagues at the seventh floor
now what's the seventh floor that's
where the fbi upper echelon leadership
is
was involved and just like that a few
corrupt agents
they did in fact conspire they set flynn
up all
under the watch of james comey on
january 24
2017 one agent asked quote what is our
goal
is it truth is it admission or is our
goal to get him to lie
so that we could prosecute him or at
least get him fired
that is not a question that should ever
be asked by anyone any professional
and would never be asked by the 99
percent of brave professionals in the
fbi
now shouldn't the goal of the fbi not
that question
should it always be truth the rule of
law
justice they work in the department of
justice
we have a system of justice in america
apparently not in jim comey's fbi
look at this according to america's
number one super patriot
setting a perjury trap put this in
context
context for an american war hero 33
years of service under his belt for
this country so we could all live free
yeah
that would be important and one
unredacted note
agents even considered using the logan
act as a
centerpiece of their scheme nobody ever
has ever been found guilty of violating
this
arcane law since it was passed in 1799
not one person even bloomberg pointed
out yeah this very fact
nope the logan act been used repeatedly
as a partisan
cajul to harass political opponents for
more than two american centuries
and what exactly happened well january
24th
that would be four days after donald
trump was inaugurated
mr hire loyalty super patriot jim comey
directed agents
to literally go in and ambush a 33-year
war vet
at the white house just four days after
trump's inauguration
and after deputy director mccabe of the
fbi
said to flynno you don't need a lawyer
this isn't about you
not at all and since the white house was
in the middle of
chaos it's always chaotic during a
transition this is day four
comey saw a perfect opportunity to lay
his trap
you don't have to take my word for it
we've got james comey on tape
kind of like quid pro quojo he's
bragging about the setup
that he'd never do in the bush or obama
administrations or ever get away with
because there's a process that he
decided
well not to use take a look you look at
this white house now and it's hard to
imagine two fbi agents ending up in the
sit room how did that happen
i sent them
something we i probably wouldn't have
done or maybe gotten away with
in a more organized investigation a more
organized administration
in the george w bush administration for
example or the obama administration
and in both of those administrations
there was process and so if the fbi
wanted to send agents into the white
house
itself to interview a senior official
you would work through the white house
council and there'd be discussions and
approvals and who would be there
and i thought it's early enough let's
just send a couple guys over
i sent them i took advantage of i said a
couple of guys up there something i'd
never do or get away with in the bush or
obama administrations
yeah i sent them wow following comey's
ambush the investigators involved did
not believe that flynn was lying how do
you like that
but after multiple major revisions of
interrogation
and notes by peter strzok lisa page
viola whom the fbi was able to charge
flynn
with a crime that he didn't commit that
they didn't think he committed and they
threatened his son i don't know how good
a father
that lieutenant general flynn is he
decided are you going to turn on my son
unless i sign this lie i just have to i
have to fall on the sword for my son
wow what father wouldn't what good
father wouldn't but not before they
turned the screws they threatened flynn
behind to throw behind bars threatened
his son and his family
he had mounting legal bills oh he's
broke after 33 years of service the
lieutenant general
yep he was bankrupt he lost his house
his reputation in ruins all because
of comey his corrupt agents at the very
top of the fbi
they all hated trump they've been
involved in stopping getting elected
and then sabotaging him ever since
spying on him
in the words of attorney general barr
deep into the trump presidency
now this is why i make a distinction you
know this pin is the fbi pin in
solidarity for the 99
of our federal and state law enforcement
officials they say
serve us bravely and with honor and with
integrity the best of the best
but the malignant agenda-driven one
percent
uh they're now threatening the very
basis of our justice system
they must be held accountable and to the
credit of this attorney general
he is doing just that he's following
justice in the rule of law
equal application of the law equal
justice under the law
they ruined the life of an american war
hero they spied on carter page they
ruined his life
by the way then they used a fisa
application a warrant
that was based let's see hillary
clinton's bought and paid for
dirty dossier full of russian
disinformation
that russia even the new york toilet
times gets this clearly used to help
clinton
and mess with our elections yeah russian
disinformation to steal the hillary's
paying for
that is unverifiable because it's
debunked devin nunes he warned the
entire country in 2014
that the hostile regime in russia and
the hostile actor putin
would do this biden obama the compromise
corrupt congenital liar shift they did
nothing to stop it
they spied on the trump campaign the
trump transition team
and even as the ag pointed out as i said
deep into the trump presidency
in other words they laid a perjury trap
in this case
they set a perjury trap for george
papadopoulos they knocked down paul
manafort's door that case was dead and
buried they dragged it out of mothballs
just to hurt trump they'd
well raided his home in the middle of
the night guns drawn
scaring the crap out of him and his wife
and tax fraud charges
and they sent dozens of agents oh 30 of
them
tactical gear to surround the home of
roger stone at 3 a.m
for a process crime that the inspector
general
suspects that comey and mccain
themselves are guilty of
anyway they raided the house
roger stone invited cnn to film it all i
guess they just happened to be bored
that night just happened to be in the
right place at the right time right
because he allegedly lied to congress uh
usually what they say is
can you report at 8 00 a.m that would be
the way you handle that
but not if you're abusing power so what
is the common denominator in all this
it is president trump they were
determined to take down this
administration this president one way or
another
and today the president had this to say
about the corrupt agents
in the deep state and their cheerleaders
in the mob which is 99 percent of the
media today
take a look i really hope because
cnn tormented him in all fairness i
really hope to see because they haven't
been doing it
and i appreciate your question i hope to
see that cnn
will not even apologize which they
should
but just cover it fairly because he's in
the process
of being exonerated if you look at those
notes from yesterday that was total
exoneration
these were dirty filthy cops at the top
of the fbi
president has been right we've been
right the program here
we've reported the truth about this
abuse of power and corruption
and frankly for three plus years it's
been a little bit of a lonely road they
were pushing their conspiracy theories
and their smears and lies and slander
for almost all media outlets including
socialist state tv
msdnc fake news cnn toilet paper of
record the new york toilet paper times
instead of holding our federal
government accountable
they were cheering for the demise of an
american war hero
and wanting to take out a duly elected
president
they didn't want him elected take a look
did flynn go rogue by the way when he
spoke to russia
well that would be a bigger scandal than
almost anything we've ever seen in any
other presidential administration
next we'll get back to michael flynn's
guilty plea today and what that's
well how it's made this a historic day
here in d.c the fact is
uh michael flynn betrayed his country
the warrant application was a warrant
based on probable cause not proof
uh that he was a foreign agent a judge
today all but called him a traitor the
president today
wished him well after two hours of a
judge rebuking fired national security
adviser michael flynn using words such
as
treason and disgust and disdain
you think any of these outlets have the
honor decency concern for truth and
justice and integrity to say to general
flynn
we're sorry don't hold your breath you
have bureaucrats
tremendous power you have the mob
tremendous power
ruining the lives of innocent americans
yep
trying to influence an election trying
to unseat a duly elected president of we
smelly walmart chopper guns bible
believing god people irredeemable
deplorables
trump transition team and trump
presidency and the mob they helped him
every step of the way
sickening journalism is dead i've told
you it's dead
but we will continue to demand justice
we will continue to go
our own way forge our own path on this
show
we have been unrelenting for three years
and we're not stopping
justice fairness freedom the fabric of
our republic means something to us
and soon thanks to the attorney general
kudos to bill barr
what did he do his job that's what his
job is
follow the law he's doing it durham
apparently doing it also
justice is coming for all who abuse
their power